Here is some milk and oaten cake.
And a halfpenny cake,
I'll give you a cake
She takes the cake -
One day it's honey and raisin cake,
Don't that take the cake
With the big bad devil's food cake.
Sweet as a cake
I say let 'em all eat cake.
And baked him a cake
Is it the baker who gave you a cake
Was sugar cake
We ask them for bread and get ?let them eat cake?
when it comes to brains I take the cake
The sacramental cake:
Well, I'll be a lawman's piece of cake
And the maid comes in with coffee and cake
is just icing on the cake,
Nibblin' on sponge cake
And when you stand before the candles on a cake
There's no bread, let them eat cake
In the wedding cake?
I want to be the girl with the most cake
This is what you call presidential cake up
I light the candles and I cut the cake
I put my face down in the cake
Back inside Sam, throw away your cake
What's up? They all want the cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
Baby Cham and Foxy Brown, ah we take the cake
A piece of your cake?
He was the one afraid to cut the cake
Right, look, I was out of town getting cake
Well did he leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake
A sell dem sell very cheap fi fruit cake
But I wake, mountains pop out of the cake
Rubberbands round cash im makin cake
We get a bit of the good life, a piece of the cake
Mary antoinette enjoyed her cake
After Canada the USA's a piece of cake
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
Homie over here's tryin to take his cake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
You traded in your real man for trailer life and funnel cake
Want a big piece of the cake
Is sweeter than the cake
I like cake,
I'll cut out cake
Don't need candles and cake
I'm gonna be on you like a fat kid on cake!
Becomes a piece of cake
So damp and rich a cake-
Back the cake,
The way John Goodman needs cake
this dessert, takes the cake,
Becomes a piece of cake
While he gorges on truffles and cake.
When there was still one piece of cake
when it comes to brains I take the cake
That's nice, but it's just icing on the cake.
Not an enticing effect to be icing your face like a cake
Some take just apple pie, some take just cake
Happy birthday darling, I've no present, no fancy cake
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
We ought to bake a sunshine cake,
[We ought to bake a sunshine cake]
[So why not bake a sunshine cake,]
I thought the world was sugar cake
before the candles on a cake
He's a piece of cake
It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
Celebrate, drink up, get your cake up,
Did you leave your pretty fingers flying in the wedding cake?
Spaghetti and cookies and cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
While blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
Blow out the candles on the cake
Running this hotel is no piece of cake
some folks like cake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
I popped out from a cake
Poor old papa carved the turkey and little sister cut the cake
Too many reaching for a piece of cake
you sick little cup cake,
Now it's time to light another candle on the cake
Why don't you take a stone and eat it just as if it were a cake
It ain't hard to tell, you know I get cake
It all comes with the wedding cake
But you take the cake
I live in a cake,
I make spaghetti, she brings cake
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
I'm the one that get the cake
The streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake
I swear it ain't been the same ever since I got cake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
And you're filling your fat face with every different kind of cake
You serve me up with cake
Well all that icing and all that cake,
in the wedding cake?
This is what you call presidential cake up
This is what you call presidential cake up
Remember I'm gonna spend my cake
Yeah I VV'd the stones, dog I'm into cake
You like the frosting, you just bought the cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
Playin' patty cake (patty cake)
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
Now they're out in the woods eating ice-cream and cake
Sweeter than a buckwheat cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
iceing on a cake
Carved our initials on top of the cake
Here on earth I'll have my cake
I'm the candles on you're cake
when do i jump out of the cake
famous for his cake
Where we're all gonna have a cake.
Can I have another piece of chocolate cake?
Why my homeys ain't get that cake
Half baked, eatin' ganja cake
Janey's fingers were in the cake
If I told you what I make, everytime I flip a cake
i lived in a cake
Lost in coma and covered in cake.
All's fair in love and war, piece of cake
Claiming the got backs but they never share their cake
Give me a cake
And a piece of the wedding cake
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
Ain't no piece of cake
it hasn't always been a piece of cake
Did you leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake?
on my way up, gettin my cake up
Just icing on the cake
Want you to come get a file in your cake
He lost his slice of the eternal cake
The girl in the cake
As we keep you wired, so up the stakes, cut the cake
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
I'll make my money, set my cake up
Now, let's set it straight, B-I-G don't cuff or cake
People say you can't have your cake
Some songs sound like cake
straight to the hood to see some new cake
I gotta stay awake when I hold the cake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Where you said put the cake
soup and his kingly cake
spaghetti and cookies and cake
He said you try it, I said it's a piece of cake
Too much sugar and too much cake
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
Thirty-nine (39) candles burnt out on a cake
Sweet carob rice cake
Well, she go to see the baker when she wants a cake
Traveling and stacking the cake
I've got some mochomo cake
now my cake up
Man, this really takes the cake
You bake my cake
Cutting the cake
I'm cake
see the sugar bowl do a tootsi roll and the bad devils food cake
I wanna have my piece of cake
Yeah and I'm about cake
Violet wants ice cream, Violet wants cake
I want the whole of the cake
For the birthday cake
Been like this ever since I got my cake up
I flashed a grin and said, Jack this is gonna be a piece of cake
They do whatever it takes to keep a lil' cake
Baking up a Martian cake
but the something on the side is what takes the cake
These limitations that burden me must be the icing on your cake
To much icind on the cake
But your kiss is sweeter than the cake
My heart, my soul, my candy, my cake
I'm a bake a hater cake today
seems like a cake
Being that we ugly, it ain't a piece of cake.
I'm selfish got to have the pie and the whole cake
comin' around for devil's cake
There were no balloons or cake
Dark, rich and thick like a fresh baked cake
I'm craving the taste of the cake
Where you goin'? Where I'm goin? Finna get the cake!/
If I knew you were comin' I'd've baked a cake
Ate up all of the wedding cake, Uh-huh.
Eat it like a piece of cake
Her name is Little Debbie, and I love her cake
Light a fuse, bake a cake
Thirty-one candles on her birthday cake
You'll miss my carrot cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
First they brought in tay and cake
Antagonizing pressure is the icing on the cake
I eat my cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
But this job ain't all cookies and cake
They brought in tea and whisky cake.
All the world is birthday cake
I ain't tryina sell my soul but I'm tryina get this cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
Consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake
Life is just a piece of cake
'cause wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
Most friends were broke, only a couple had cake
I'd celebrate at your wake, I'd bake myself a cake
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
You can't get a slice if you don't bake the cake
If 50 was Puffy, you'd run and go get him a cheese cake
But bein an entertainer puts the icin on the cake
Your pockets we shake for cake
So just cut the stupid cake
But this one takes the cake
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
I'm a man - I insist you insist on a piece of cake
You're a man - You insist I insist on a piece of cake
"Let 'em eat cake."
I don't want a piece of your cake!
Tryin' not to go to jail, tryin' not to cake up
We smash for cake
In an old age pension-less cake
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
(You are just the icing to put on my cake)
Eat a crocodile cake
You have let us eat the cake
To make up for that piece of cake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
ha get your cake up
Get cha cake up
Somebody's been digging 'round in my cake.
When a waiter brought out a big strawberry cake
And I quietly finished my strawberry cake
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
stake and a layer cake.
The jingoistic cake
Black the colour icing on our cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
The layers on the cake
I'm a cup of hot coffee, I'm a piece of cake.
I can fill your larder, I'm a piece of cake.
you can bowl me over, I'm a piece of cake.
Been piece of cake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
odd years without having my cake up
You dudes is cake
Then blow out the candles, and have a piece of cake!
All I found was that old piece of our wedding cake.
The few hours off to eat wedding cake
But I hear tell someone's been diggin round in my cake
Come with the wedding cake
Comes with the wedding cake
a piece of cake
Red Velvet cake
Joy and tears come with the wedding cake.
It all comes with the wedding cake...
I eat it up and take the cake
In time I've earned my cake,
Today my son birthday and I can't even buy a cake
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
You serve me up with cake
Who ate every crumb of the wedding cake.
Cuz wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
The safe in the floor with a life time of cake
Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake
Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake
Gotta get my cake up
Marie said "Just let them eat cake"
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
for a cup of cold coffee and a piece of cake.
I will be the file in the cake
getting that independent cake
I'm gonna bake me her favorite cake
But wait, he got singles in his cake
I got locked by the jake, you was right I had to take the whole cake
I'll screw my only brother for even a glimpse at a piece of the cake
Leaving all the yellow roses on her wedding cake
They just get the news and the ones in power always get the cake
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Did we mention each meal would be full of fun cake?
Mek all mi allstar cake
It's gonna melt the icing on our cake
Mind right, cake up
Birthday wordplay, piece of cake
heaven is a beef-cake.
Beef cake?
Triple beam wit da lean, the man wit da cake
I believe in birthday cake
And I can't be runnin late cause I'm about that cake
Sweet potatoe cake
The only thing she'd make was cake,
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
Janey's fingers were in the cake
I bake Donald Trump cake
so i get up off my bump and go get that cake
But im still gettin cake
I'm your cream cake
Before you hibernate and you come out a crab cake"
When I was nine I said a rhyme by putting candles on my cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
If you bring enough for them, you can have your cake
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
You take the cake.
Your style is all tissue, chocolate fudge cream cake
Luck seemed to serve us a slice of life's cake
Baby don't stop, take it to the top, eat it like a piece of cake
She might pop out of the top of a birthday cake
Come with the wedding cake.
I didn't know this was the place I'd get my piece of the cake
Or feed you poison birthday cake
i`m popping out of my rebirthday cake
I bang up like a birthday cake
Watch me bake my own cake
Ended up in folsom but the file was in the cake
The camel's tellin' you to come on, you had to cake it
You have sex with cake
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
From "Fruitcake" by Eraserheads:
Life is a piece of cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
It's no piece of cake,
I say stick together God until y'all cake up
That way they get the biggest slice of the cake
ni mamul bbetnun kosun negenun piece of a cake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Ice cream and cake.
Whether we have not or have cake
For a slice of cake
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
And I share her love of wine and cake
Same knife that cuts your throat divides the cake
well, first she brought out tea and cake,
Still you want to have and eat your cake
Well I found a match and wrote these words on your cake
and the brook valley man dem need a slice a di cake
And a red-head freckled face blows out the candles on his birthday cake
Cutting the cake
Becomes a piece of cake
But your friends are hungry so just cut the stupid cake.
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake
Gave up your lot for a bite of the cake
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cake
My piece of the cake
It's a'one big... one big... one big... cake!
Like dropping out of weight while you're trying to have your cake
You know it's all for the cake, yeah it's all for the cake
That's when the voice began to barter with the promise of cake.
She could almost taste the cake.
on my birthday give me a burger not a cake
Love burns all and hate takes the cake
And we would sail under the stars eating strawberry cake
I'm a bake a hater cake today
Then its kissy smiley, fake fake fake, Like a cake
And dream of mama's chocolate cake
Hey producer cut me on the cake
Everyday is a grind, gotta get the cake up
We drank a lot of stout and ate a lot of cake!
He said baby you'r so hott you could bake my cake
till you run out of cake.
I'm craving the taste of the cake
I shake the jake to get the cake
Baked inside a fudge cake.
Ain't nothing but a fruit cake
Out of a ginger cake
Won't even buy me cheap, cheap cake
Let's spend some cake
Jimmy wanna piece o' your chocolate cake!
